Trash talking and backing it up has been shown to be the clearest route to high earrings in the UFC. The Diaz brothers started the ball rolling in 2003 but never really capitalised on it because I believe they’re natural trash talkers and it wasn’t a deliberate marketing decision to sell fights. Chael Sonnen was the master (look at the number of major fight he talked himself into) until McGregor came along. It all goes back to Muhammad Ali who got the idea form watching Pro-Wrestling shows and decided to carry it over into boxing.
That’s some horse-shite if I’ve ever heard!!how bout speaking some real truths for a change!?
Bullshit ! I know of someone who had to make there own way from the country to Dublin to get their injection
Interest has to be paid on the bailout plus repayments to bondholders, like for instance in 2013 we repaid bondholders 28.4 billion. Where does that money come from, thin air?. It has to be borrowed
OH FUCK LUBIO
"Yay! 15 dollar minimum wage!"Fucking idiots.
Jesus christ, the cost of living is about $9 where I live and we just have the federal minimum wage ($7.25). If you can't get a 2 dollar fucking raise yourself, you're an idiot. California's cost of living can't be that much higher than whatever the wage is now.
Try reading the article, idiot.
Same its been taken over by pol racist and morons. Sick of these autistic shit heads cyring muh white race really pathetic that their only defining feature is their skin color, pretty much makes them a non person as they all behave the same and have little to no individuality only real trait is their hatred of other people for no good reason.
pls let me know if u know the answer I am searching for it for more than a month﻿
I don't know what I came into this thread looking for, but I think I found it..
I HATE YOU YOU LOSER IM SICK OF YOU!!!
I CANT BELIEVE YOURE STILL ALIVE GO DIE IN A HOLE
Thank You for showing your support.
Stay Positive !
i dont even like leafy or his videos but why would he need policing? he can make whatever the fuck he wants﻿
Y does spidey sound like he's a high 10 year old wtf
This content is great
Awesome! I love this show
Cant wait for the release of Aquaman movie
David McCahill was here
David McCahill did a fuk
Fuck bitches get money
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
What's this you've said to me, my good friend? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in conflict resolution, and Ive been involved in numerous friendly discussions, and I have over 300 confirmed friends. I am trained in polite discussions and I'm the top mediator in the entire neighborhood. You are worth more to me than just another target. I hope we will come to have a friendship never before seen on this Earth. Don't you think you might be hurting someone's feelings saying that over the internet? Think about it, my friend. As we speak I am contacting my good friends across the USA and your P.O. box is being traced right now so you better prepare for the greeting cards, friend. The greeting cards that help you with your hate. You should look forward to it, friend. I can be anywhere, anytime for you, and I can calm you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my chess set. Not only am I extensively trained in conflict resolution, but I have access to the entire group of my friends and I will use them to their full extent to start our new friendship. If only you could have known what kindness and love your little comment was about to bring you, maybe you would have reached out sooner. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now we get to start a new friendship, you unique person. I will give you gifts and you might have a hard time keeping up. You're finally living, friend.
﻿﻿